Sprint Report Format

Company: HP
Product: HP OSM Swift API 
Date: 2/10/2014
Team Name: Swift Cluster Posse
Team Members: Radhika Mitra, Nathan Rogers, Thomas White, Masahiro Obuchi, Nicholas Wood, Hon Loong Ho, Xiaoyuan Lu

Actions to stop doing:

      1. Stop straying from subject at hand

Actions to start doing:

Distribute tasks and goals to all members in each meeting

Actions to keep doing:

Keep up the great team dynamic
Everyone is self-driven 
Consistent communication from team members & mentor

Completed:

The following are the user stories/task that are complete: 

  User  Story 1: As a dev I want to fork the swift project, and set up our
    dedicated machines in the lab.
    
        -Task 1: Fork swift project (1 hr)
        -Task 2: Set Up dev machines in lab. (4 hr)
    
    User Story 2: As a dev I want to study swift so I can understand how the
    relevant implementation works.
    
        -Task 1: Each person work on learning the existing API calls
                for adding objects and using HTTP requests/headers
                to interface with Swift. (3 hr/person = 21)
        -Task 2: Read through relevant source code for Swift. (4 hr/person = 28)
    
    User Story 3: As a dev I want to choose between the implementation methods
    proposed by the original author of the API (internal/external)
    
        -Task 1: As a team meet/talk with Sam and/or Lincoln
                to talk technical specifics (4hr) (technically per person, but in class time)
        -Task 2: As a team plan and make design decisions. (1 hr/person)
        - Task 3: Design document
    
  User  Story 4: As a user I want to be able to put the API version header in
    and API call.
    
        -Task 1: Be able to receive API version number. (2 hr)
    
  User  Story 5: As a user I want an implementation of a basic API call (\get)
    to show I can access the metadata and http header info
    
        -Task 1: Implement the basic structure for receiving API calls as HTTP request. (2hr/person)
        

Not Completed:

Everything was completed that was set out to be done during Sprint 1.


